h1. WorkSpaces Platform Pilot - Confluence Home

h2. Page Purpose
This page is the landing page for the WorkSpaces Platform Pilot implementation in AWS.

h2. Project Summary
* Project: WorkSpaces Platform Pilot
* AWS Account: `111122223333`
* Region: `us-east-1`
* Directory: `workspaces-platform.local` (`d-0000000000`)
* Infrastructure as Code: Terraform + Terragrunt
* State Backend: S3 + DynamoDB + KMS

h2. Documentation Tree
Create child pages in this order:
# `01-Architecture-and-Networking`
# `02-Deployment-Runbook`
# `03-Operations-and-Support`
# `04-Configuration-Inventory`
# `05-Standards-and-Well-Architected`

h2. Scope
This documentation covers:
* Remote backend for shared Terraform/Terragrunt state
* WorkSpaces personal tiers (Standard/SOC/Dev)
* WorkSpaces pools (Standard/SOC/Dev)
* Installs S3 bucket
* Deployment scripts and operational workflows

h2. High-Level Architecture
{code:language=mermaid}
flowchart TD
  A["Terraform Backend<br/>(S3 + DynamoDB + KMS)"] --> B["Terragrunt Live Units"]
  B --> C["WorkSpaces Personal Tiers<br/>(standard / soc / dev)"]
  B --> D["WorkSpaces Pools<br/>(standard-pool / soc-pool / dev-pool)"]
  B --> E["Installs S3 Bucket"]

  C --> C1["Directory: workspaces-platform.local<br/>ID: d-0000000000"]
  D --> D1["Directory: workspaces-platform.local<br/>ID: d-0000000000"]
{code}

h2. Quick Links (Repository Mapping)
* Documentation index: `docs/README.md`
* Root project overview: `README.md`
* Backend runbook: `backend/README.md`
* Standard tier runbook: `live/.../standard/README.md`
* SOC tier runbook: `live/.../soc/README.md`
* Dev tier runbook: `live/.../dev/README.md`
* Standard pool runbook: `live/.../standard-pool/README.md`
* SOC pool runbook: `live/.../soc-pool/README.md`
* Dev pool runbook: `live/.../dev-pool/README.md`
* Prerequisites: `PREREQUISITES.md`
* Style guide: `STYLE_GUIDE.md`
* Well-Architected checklist: `WELL_ARCHITECTED_CHECKLIST.md`

h2. Change Management
* All IaC changes go through PR review before apply in shared environments.
* State locking is enabled via DynamoDB table.
* Sensitive values are stored in AWS Secrets Manager and not committed in source.
