h1. Operations and Support

h2. Operational Model
* Deployments are managed per Terragrunt unit to reduce blast radius.
* Remote state lock prevents concurrent modifications.
* Preflight checks are recommended before all plans/applies.

h2. Standard Operating Procedures
h3. Routine Change
# Update code in target unit.
# Run formatting and validation.
# Run `terragrunt plan`.
# Peer review.
# Run `terragrunt apply`.
# Capture outputs in change record.

h3. Failed WorkSpace Provisioning
Use helper cleanup scripts to terminate errored WorkSpaces:
* `./cleanup-workspaces.sh`
* `.\cleanup-workspaces.ps1`

Then:
# Check AWS WorkSpaces error state/details.
# Resolve root cause (user object, bundle validity, directory health, quota).
# Re-run apply.

h2. State Lock Handling
If lock is orphaned (for example session/token expiry):
# Re-authenticate AWS CLI
# Force unlock with lock ID only when lock owner process is no longer running
# Re-run plan/apply

h2. Monitoring and Verification
* Validate resource creation in AWS console after apply.
* Validate S3 encryption and public access block settings.
* Validate DynamoDB lock table activity during apply.
* Validate WorkSpaces and Pools in expected state.

h2. Common Failure Patterns
|| Symptom || Likely Cause || Action ||
| WorkSpaces create ERROR state | User/bundle/directory mismatch or transient AWS issue | Gather diagnostics, terminate errored workspace, retry |
| Unsupported argument in Terraform | Provider/resource mismatch | Align provider version and resource schema |
| Terragrunt source path not found | Relative path drift | Correct `source` path from unit directory |
| State lock acquisition error | Stale lock | Verify lock owner process, then force unlock if safe |

h2. Escalation Data to Capture
* Unit path executed
* Full plan/apply error output
* Workspace ID / Directory ID / Bundle ID
* Timestamp (local and UTC)
* AWS request IDs (from error output)
